===================
Dan K Note for a video clip 29 Nov 2020 14:30 E
===================

Hi Matt, Ram, Zack, Nov end 0f 2020 subject HTML upgrade for CompBio
using Sphinx doc program. Three things: ( no order )

* translate site twice. 
* worked example 
* install how done, snags and fixes

---------------------------
First - translation of orig site
---------------------------

1) Conversion of plan text site to a Sphinx one, I have no idea how complete this is. I note in Teleconf there were some observations major line items were missing.

1.1) Is this accurate ?

1.2) Where are they ?

1.3) I tried twice, once considerably distrupting Rams structure. the second time I did the exact opposite
and stuck to the original greatly.

However having a persistent index changes the logic of the organization of the content quite a lot. Rams
original approach had considerable improvising to avoid a full blown navigation system.

This still has advantages is that it feels like "Some guy who loves this work made this line by line".
Of course, lexicons of papers and awards and so on re-ennvorce that too.

But it makes an extra step to deviate from the slap it all in and let the indexing stack it up. The extra
step I think is removing the injected index like pieces in the top index.

Theres no hard and fixed dicotomoy between the two approaches. I suspect the near temr is to smooth them together a little, but retain the text absolutely as is. 


---------------------------
Second - Worked example
---------------------------

Secondly, I made a very carefully tested single file to make a single HTML with maybe 50 different features.

When one required an edit to the associated python, I made that part of the file; explaining it.

Since this .py is part of the deliverable, short tem its a non-issue, but that whole point of doing this
right seems all about enabling indefinite application of it.

I dont know why the documentation for Sphinx which looks so fabulous and some of which is so complete is
hard to use. Its not an efficient use of our time to figure this out, its wierd.

The fix for that is done; its one ultra careful worked example. I wanted this for other things I am doing, 'anyway' so now its available for the Buffalo side and myself.


--------------------------------
Third - Install notes for Sphinx
--------------------------------

I did the orginal work under Ubuntu 64 Bit, and at a last step made a parellel Sphinx IDE ish thing
in windows. I kep ultra careful notes, the linux one was effortness, the Windows one was reasonably easy.

Theres as is usually the case a 'holy shit, what is this ?' single question in the startup I figured how
to do the right way, about the expecations of sets of .rst files going in verrsus builds. Easy as always,
once you do it wrong and backup.

Matt played with the searching, which made me wonder if he might install Sphinx, and I think Zacks points of
contact with the outside wourld might benefit from easy ways to glue together HTML and casually flip out
seemingly custom sites. I am sure with careful work the existing files can always be woven into a absolutely
perfect custom subset in shockingly little time.

The subtext here is not so simple as more fancy typsetting in HTML, but having HTML impressions with multiple
top level points, without much labor anf few instances of stupid looking things.

For instance, a student os associate can certaintluy guess out a one of submission to the web master in .rst
and it will drop in beautially. If they run linux there is a line item tool, I tried it its pretty cool, makes a one of .rst to HTML locally, so a motovated worker can even complete it perfectly.


--------------------------
Closing thought
--------------------------

I don't wan to be a webmaster for 'some guys in a different country' indefinitely, but I will fro a while put
lets say 5 hours a week on it. We all know saying '5 hours' usually is more like 10, huh...

But RAM ! said lets fixup up the WWW, not me. So Id like to have somebody else run Sphinx and sort of hand it off, or maybe more like share the responsibility.

I don't think its important, but its might also be a way for Cando to get hands on with cloud computing. WWW support is a low cost; ( can be free entirely but bearing a little cost might be worth it ).


I will package up the files neatly for Teleconf Monday 30 Nov 2020 and neaten up the hosting and leave that running indefinitely.

End of Document






